To start off there is really no "free" and/or "open source" alternative to Wavelet and Poweramp EQ that pairs the full DynamicsProcessing API with real audio-visual feedback, and I felt like after using both of those apps among other various EQ apps that there were huge shortcomings in terms of the features & accessibilities they offered. When I started developing this app I wanted to have both a powerful parametric eq function with minimal permissions; this is why I choose to use both the DynamicsProcessing & Visualizer APIs as the framework for this app as you only need minimal permissions for both of them to work in tandem. There are shortcomings from both these APIs, but I'll discuss more of that later.

This app is built off of DynamicsProcessing API; this is the same API that Poweramp EQ & Wavelet both use but I felt in some aspects they weren't really being able really squeeze out the max potential that this API can offer.

As someone who comes from the audio production & IEM world I have a lot of experience understanding what both sides of those worlds want and wanted to be able to take advantage of both to create something that met my creative endeavors.

Using the Visualizer API I wanted to give users a way they can reliably cross reference visual data with audio data; this is both useful for the main EQ portion as you can visually reference audio changes you make, but this comes more into play with the Limiting & Multiband Compression sides of the app. While these features are for use in the DynamicsProcessing API; and many apps like Poweramp EQ & Wavelet (who premium locks these features); they just add knobs/sliders in and expect the user to understand exactly how these features work and without real audio-visual feedback, users aren't really able to take advantage of these features in their full potential. This is the reason why many DAWs and VST Plugins use audio-visual feedback with these functions specifically.

Using Visualizer API with these DynamicsProcessing features; you're really able to get an intimate audio-visual feedback loop that gives you complete control over your audio framework.

This app is free and open source software (FOSS) licensed under the GPL-3.0 License.